Chat: describe sendButtonOptions APIs (#8638)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChat/1 Configuration/sendButtonOptions.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Configures the Send button's appearance and behavior.

---
Use the **sendButtonOptions** object to customize the Send button. The following fields are available:

> - [action](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Types/SendButtonProperties/#action) — specifies the button's behavior. Set to `'send'` (default) to send the message and clear the input field when the button is clicked. The button is disabled when the input field is empty. Set to `'custom'` to keep the button always enabled regardless of input content. In custom mode, the button does not send the message or clear the input field when clicked. Use the [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Types/SendButtonProperties/#onClick) handler to implement custom logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [action](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Types/SendButtonProperties/#action) — specifies the button's behavior. Set this property to `'send'` (default) to send the message and clear the input field when the button is clicked. In this mode, the button is disabled when the input field is empty. Set this property to `'custom'` to keep the button enabled at all times, regardless of the input content. In custom mode, the button neither sends the message nor clears the input field when clicked. Use the [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Types/SendButtonProperties/#onClick) handler to implement custom logic.
```
